Initial version of "Improving Sendable Inference" (#1447)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/nnnn-sendable-inference.md

```swift
public struct Generic<T: P> { // warning: public type `Generic` is neither `Sendable` nor explicitly non-`Sendable`
    // note: add conditional conformance to `Sendable` if this values of this type can be copied across concurrent tasks
    // note: add explicit non-Sendable annotation to suppress this warning
  var value: T? = nil
  var assocValues: [T.A] = []
}
```

With such a flag, a user can conduct an audit of all of the public types for `Sendable`, using Fix-Its to make most of the required source code changes. The flag could either be removed (possibly along with the explicit non-`Sendable` annotations) or left in place to ensure that `Sendable` is considered for future public types.

## Source compatibility

> This proposals alters `Sendable` conformances in several ways that can have impact on source compatibility.This proposa is a mix of additions and removals. The additions (e.g., conditional `Sendable` conformances for non-`public` types) aren't likely to break much code, because adding protocol conformances rarely does, and the new compiler flag is opt-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal alters `Sendable` conformances in several ways that can have an impact on source compatibility. This proposal is a mix of additions and removals. The additions (e.g., conditional `Sendable` conformances for non-`public` types) aren't likely to break much code, because adding protocol conformances rarely does, and the new compiler flag is opt-in.
```

The removal of `Sendable` conformances from unsafe pointer types and key path types can certainly break code that depends on those conformances. There are two mitigating factors here that make us feel comfortable doing so at this time. The first mitigating factor is that `Sendable` is only very recently introduced in Swift 5.5, and `Sendable` conformances aren't enforced in the Swift Concurrency model just yet. The second is that the staging in of `Sendable` checking in the compiler implies that missing `Sendable` conformances are treated as warnings, not errors, so there is a smooth transition path for any code that depended on this now-removed conformances.

## Effect on ABI stability

`Sendable` is a marker protocol, which was designed to have zero ABI impact. Therefore, this proposal itself should have no ABI impact, because adding and removing `Sendable` conformances is invisible to the ABI.

## Effect on API resilience

> For the most part, this proposal does not introduce any changes that directly affect API resilience. The changes to inference of `Sendable ` are mostly restricted to types that remain within a module (e.g., only non-public generic types can have conditional `Sendable` conformances inferred). This proposal does encourage changes to can impact API resilience, e.g., it introduces a compiler flag to encourage more adoption of `Sendable`, which will have downstream effects on clients, but generally the additional of a `Sendable` conformance does not break code.

Reviewer: * `additional` → `addition`

```suggestion
For the most part, this proposal does not introduce any changes that directly affect API resilience. The changes to inference of `Sendable` are mostly restricted to types that remain within a module (e.g., only non-public generic types can have conditional `Sendable` conformances inferred). This proposal does encourage changes that can impact API resilience, e.g., it introduces a compiler flag to encourage more adoption of `Sendable`, which will have downstream effects on clients, but generally the addition of a `Sendable` conformance does not break code.
```
